well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
electors
i have spent the last few hours learning
more about election law
in arizona michigan pennsylvania and
wisconsin
than i ever need to know
and by the end of it i was a little
confused to be honest
because these are the states that are
central
to this theory that's going around
that the gop that the republican party
was going to substitute electors and
basically just
take the election and
re-elect trump using this process
now as i was looking through it i found
like laws on the books that said they
couldn't do this but i didn't know if
they had been rescinded
or whatever because it had been talked
about so much
i was kind of at my wit's end to be
honest because it is very confusing
and this isn't something i know a lot
about
luckily as i'm researching
the ap broke a story so to uh get to the
point
the republican leadership in the states
that are in question arizona michigan
pennsylvania and wisconsin
all four said it isn't happening
in michigan and arizona they said no
they're mandated by statute
the electors will vote in accordance
with the people now in michigan they
said that they're
they were investigating the election but
they didn't expect to find anything that
was going to change the outcome
in pennsylvania the top two gop people
said that the assembly there does not
and will not
have a hand in even choosing the
electors
that they're definitely not going to
intervene
and apparently the top gop
people in wisconsin made a statement
about this
like a month ago and apparently nobody
knew
so it looks like the elector scheme
doesn't have the cooperation of the
people
required to make it a thing and it looks
like
in two of the states it's actually
against the law there are laws on the
book
stopping it now
i thought i saw one in arizona as well
but to be honest it's late and my eyes
are blurry
so this appears to be
yet another well this is how we could
win
type of thing but not really um
it doesn't look like
this is a realistic possibility either i
can't say it with as much certainty
because we're kind of relying on the
word of politicians which is not
something
i'd like to do and i don't know
a whole lot about it but from everything
i've seen
it doesn't look it doesn't look
realistic
it turns out looks like american
democracy is a little bit more resilient
than a lot of us pictured
i think this is actually the last of the
little
keep trump empower schemes
so we'll keep our eyes open for what
they come up with next
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day